app-codepipeline/README.md, before:

The app-codepipeline project creates the pipeline that builds and deploys the Bloom services. It is intended to be deployed once for all environments (dev->staging->prod), but it's also possible to break it up into separate pipelines if needed (dev->staging with prod separate, etc). It makes use of the shared pipeline module to handle the actual pipeline, with a separate local module for creating permissions needed to push to / pull from ECR repositories.

<!-- Do not edit below this line! -->
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.64 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.64.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_ecr_repos"></a> [ecr\_repos](#module\_ecr\_repos) | ./ecr_repo | n/a |
| <a name="module_pipeline"></a> [pipeline](#module\_pipeline) | ../modules/pipeline | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_codestarconnections_connection.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/codestarconnections_connection) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_application_name"></a> [application\_name](#input\_application\_name) | The name for the application deployed | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | The region to use when deploying regional resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ecr"></a> [ecr](#input\_ecr) | Information about available ECR repos, used for passing repo info to actions | <pre>object({<br>    default_region  = optional(string)<br>    default_account = optional(string)<br><br>    repo_groups = map(object({<br>      region    = optional(string)<br>      account   = optional(string)<br>      namespace = string<br>      repos     = set(string)<br>    }))<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_gh_codestar_conn_name"></a> [gh\_codestar\_conn\_name](#input\_gh\_codestar\_conn\_name) | The github/AWS Codestar connection resource for the repo. This allows AWS to connect to the github repo | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_owner"></a> [owner](#input\_owner) | The owner of the resources created via these templates | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_pipeline"></a> [pipeline](#input\_pipeline) | Settings for the pipeline | <pre>object({<br>    name = string<br>    # See ../modules/pipeline/inputs.tf for object structures<br>    sources = any<br><br>    # From ../modules/pipeline/inputs.tf<br>    # Necessary to avoid typing issues with "any" and lists<br>    stages = set(object({<br>      # The name of this environment<br>      name = string<br>      # An optional human-readable label to apply to the stage<br>      label = optional(string)<br><br>      # Additional policy ARNs to pass to every build action in this stage<br>      build_policy_arns = optional(set(string), [])<br>      # Additional env vars to pass to every build action in this stage<br>      build_env_vars = optional(map(string), {})<br><br>      default_network = optional(object({<br>        vpc_id          = string<br>        subnets         = set(string)<br>        security_groups = set(string)<br>        }), {<br>        vpc_id          = ""<br>        subnets         = []<br>        security_groups = []<br>      })<br><br>      # This is the same as in ../modules/pipeline/inputs.tf with exceptions noted<br>      actions = list(object({<br>        # These are new<br>        ecr_repo_access = optional(map(list(string)), {})<br><br>        # These are from the module<br>        name  = string<br>        label = optional(string)<br>        type  = string<br>        order = number<br><br>        compute_type = optional(string)<br>        image        = optional(string)<br>        timeout      = optional(number)<br>        policy_arns  = optional(set(string), [])<br>        env_vars     = optional(map(string), {})<br>        privileged   = optional(bool)<br>        secret_arns  = optional(map(string), {})<br><br>        vpc = optional(object({<br>          use             = optional(bool, false)<br>          vpc_id          = optional(string, "")<br>          subnets         = optional(set(string), [])<br>          security_groups = optional(set(string), [])<br>          }), {<br>          use             = false,<br>          vpc_id          = ""<br>          subnets         = []<br>          security_groups = []<br>        })<br><br>        buildspec = optional(string)<br><br>        # Approval vars<br>        topic = optional(string)<br>      }))<br>    }))<br><br>    notification_topics = any<br>    notify              = any<br>    build_policy_arns   = optional(set(string), [])<br>    build_env_vars      = optional(map(string), {})<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_id"></a> [project\_id](#input\_project\_id) | A unique, immutable identifier for this project | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name) | A human-readable name for this project. Can be changed if needed | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_ecr_repos"></a> [ecr\_repos](#output\_ecr\_repos) | n/a |
| <a name="output_pipeline"></a> [pipeline](#output\_pipeline) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

docs: add more info to readmes

app-codepipeline/README.md, after:

# Bloom App Pipeline

The `app-codepipeline` project creates the pipeline that builds and deploys the Bloom services. It is intended to be deployed once for all environments (dev->staging->prod), but it's also possible to break it up into separate pipelines if needed (dev->staging with prod separate, etc). It makes use of the shared pipeline module to handle the actual pipeline, with a separate local module for creating permissions needed to push to / pull from ECR repositories.

## Deployment

Note that, due to some internal dependencies, the pipeline must be created in a two step process; one step to setup some IAM policies and another to deploy the rest of the infra. This additional step is only needed when first creating the pipeline or when adding new ECR repos.

A sample flow to create an environment named "dev" might look something like this:

1. `terraform workspace new dev`
2. `cp tfvars.template dev.tfvars`
3. Edit tfvars file to add desired configuration
4. Run `terraform apply -var-file dev.tfvars  -target module.pipeline.aws_iam_policy.codebuild_artifacts -target module.ecr_repo` to create IAM resources
5. Visually validate resource changes and ensure there are no permissions issues
6. Type "yes" to apply changes
7. Run `terraform apply -var-file dev.tfvars` to create the rest of the resources

# Terraform Docs

<!-- Do not edit below this line! -->
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.3 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.64 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.64.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_ecr_repos"></a> [ecr\_repos](#module\_ecr\_repos) | ./ecr_repo | n/a |
| <a name="module_pipeline"></a> [pipeline](#module\_pipeline) | ../modules/pipeline | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_codestarconnections_connection.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/codestarconnections_connection) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_application_name"></a> [application\_name](#input\_application\_name) | The name for the application deployed | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | The region to use when deploying regional resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_ecr"></a> [ecr](#input\_ecr) | Information about available ECR repos, used for passing repo info to actions | <pre>object({<br>    default_region  = optional(string)<br>    default_account = optional(string)<br><br>    repo_groups = map(object({<br>      region    = optional(string)<br>      account   = optional(string)<br>      namespace = string<br>      repos     = set(string)<br>    }))<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_gh_codestar_conn_name"></a> [gh\_codestar\_conn\_name](#input\_gh\_codestar\_conn\_name) | The github/AWS Codestar connection resource for the repo. This allows AWS to connect to the github repo | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_owner"></a> [owner](#input\_owner) | The owner of the resources created via these templates | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_pipeline"></a> [pipeline](#input\_pipeline) | Settings for the pipeline | <pre>object({<br>    name = string<br>    # See ../modules/pipeline/inputs.tf for object structures<br>    sources = any<br><br>    # From ../modules/pipeline/inputs.tf<br>    # Necessary to avoid typing issues with "any" and lists<br>    stages = set(object({<br>      # The name of this environment<br>      name = string<br>      # An optional human-readable label to apply to the stage<br>      label = optional(string)<br><br>      # Additional policy ARNs to pass to every build action in this stage<br>      build_policy_arns = optional(set(string), [])<br>      # Additional env vars to pass to every build action in this stage<br>      build_env_vars = optional(map(string), {})<br><br>      default_network = optional(object({<br>        vpc_id          = string<br>        subnets         = set(string)<br>        security_groups = set(string)<br>        }), {<br>        vpc_id          = ""<br>        subnets         = []<br>        security_groups = []<br>      })<br><br>      # This is the same as in ../modules/pipeline/inputs.tf with exceptions noted<br>      actions = list(object({<br>        # These are new<br>        ecr_repo_access = optional(map(list(string)), {})<br><br>        # These are from the module<br>        name  = string<br>        label = optional(string)<br>        type  = string<br>        order = number<br><br>        compute_type = optional(string)<br>        image        = optional(string)<br>        timeout      = optional(number)<br>        policy_arns  = optional(set(string), [])<br>        env_vars     = optional(map(string), {})<br>        privileged   = optional(bool)<br>        secret_arns  = optional(map(string), {})<br><br>        vpc = optional(object({<br>          use             = optional(bool, false)<br>          vpc_id          = optional(string, "")<br>          subnets         = optional(set(string), [])<br>          security_groups = optional(set(string), [])<br>          }), {<br>          use             = false,<br>          vpc_id          = ""<br>          subnets         = []<br>          security_groups = []<br>        })<br><br>        buildspec = optional(string)<br><br>        # Approval vars<br>        topic = optional(string)<br>      }))<br>    }))<br><br>    notification_topics = any<br>    notify              = any<br>    build_policy_arns   = optional(set(string), [])<br>    build_env_vars      = optional(map(string), {})<br>  })</pre> | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_id"></a> [project\_id](#input\_project\_id) | A unique, immutable identifier for this project | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name) | A human-readable name for this project. Can be changed if needed | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_ecr_repos"></a> [ecr\_repos](#output\_ecr\_repos) | n/a |
| <a name="output_pipeline"></a> [pipeline](#output\_pipeline) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
