setup/README.md, before:

The setup project creates the base infrastructure on which everything else gets deployed. Run it once for each environment being created.

<!-- Do not edit below this line! -->
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.55.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_repos"></a> [repos](#module\_repos) | ./ecr | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | The AWS region to use when deploying regional resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | The name of the environment | `string` | `"default"` | no |
| <a name="input_owner"></a> [owner](#input\_owner) | The owner of the resources created via these templates | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_id"></a> [project\_id](#input\_project\_id) | A project-specific identifier prepended to resource names | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name) | Name of the project | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_repos"></a> [repos](#input\_repos) | A map of objects containing information for creating ECR repos | <pre>map(object({<br>    scan_images    = bool<br>    source_account = optional(string)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_repos"></a> [repos](#output\_repos) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

docs: add more info to readmes

setup/README.md, after:

# Setup (Base Infrastructure)

The `setup` project creates the base infrastructure on which everything else gets deployed. Run it once for each environment being created.

## Deployment

To initialize a new environment, you will first want to create a new Terraform workspace in this directory with the name of the environment you are creating (ie `terraform workspace new dev`) and a copy of the tfvars template named after the environment (ie `dev.tfvars`)\*.

A sample flow to create an environment named "dev" might look something like this:

1. `terraform workspace new dev`
2. `cp tfvars.template dev.tfvars`
3. Edit tfvars file to add desired configuration
4. `terraform apply -var-file dev.tfvars`
5. Visually validate resource changes and ensure there are no permissions issues
6. Type "yes" to apply changes

The outputs generated by applying these templates will be important for other steps, so please make note of them.

\* Be very careful where you keep your tfvars files! This repo will ignore all tfvars files when committing by default, and it it highly recommended that you do not try to store your tfvars files alongside these templates.

# Terraform Docs

<!-- Do not edit below this line! -->
<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.55.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_repos"></a> [repos](#module\_repos) | ./ecr | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | The AWS region to use when deploying regional resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | The name of the environment | `string` | `"default"` | no |
| <a name="input_owner"></a> [owner](#input\_owner) | The owner of the resources created via these templates | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_id"></a> [project\_id](#input\_project\_id) | A project-specific identifier prepended to resource names | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_project_name"></a> [project\_name](#input\_project\_name) | Name of the project | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_repos"></a> [repos](#input\_repos) | A map of objects containing information for creating ECR repos | <pre>map(object({<br>    scan_images    = bool<br>    source_account = optional(string)<br>  }))</pre> | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_repos"></a> [repos](#output\_repos) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
